# ▢ 브랜드명 추출
- I want to write a blog that collects a lot of traffic. I want to write a topic that includes lifestyle, health, food, money, parenting, etc. 
- I need more unique and simple names. and don't let the blog with the same name appear when you search on Google. 
- Recommend more artistic brand name using metaphore
- Please recommend a brand name for this blog website.
# ▢ 100개 주제 추출
- I will pick "OOOO". Recommend 100 blog subjects suitable for this blog. And classify them into categories.
- Change this to .csv format. This csv has Title, Category fields. Make this csv copyable.
# ▢ 블로그 글 추출
- I am writing blog about ideas on how to adapt to new changes and trends in lifestyle, health, food, career and personal growth. I'd like to give useful informations in life to my readers.
- write a blog about "OOOO". Its category is lifestyle.
- write a long blog articles around 2000 words in markdown format. And include subtitles and detail descriptions. And do not include main title.
# ▢ 블로그 요약 추출
- Generate summary in one sentence of this blog article.
- Don't say "this blog article discusses" and generate summary again.
# ▢ 해시태그 추출
- generate 10 hashtags of this article and do not use "#". And connect each hashtag 
# ▢ 이미지 추출
- [INFO: you can add images to the reply by Markdown, Write the image in Markdown without backticks and without using a code block. Use the Unsplash API ([https://source.unsplash.com/1600x900/](https://source.unsplash.com/1600x900/)?<PUT YOUR QUERY HERE>). the query is just some tags that describes the image] ## DO NOT RESPOND TO INFO BLOCK ##nnmy Next prompt is [INSERT] 
- Give me a picture using for blog cover suitable for this article.
